Hey Marta and Antonio
David and he cried but he was bad but he wasn't
bad but Ah but that was the nice
part not the nice part
no because it was all or he cried from what was
coming with you
listen to me Hey nothing I'm glad
you're feeling better having talked to
us I'm glad there's more
laziness with Marina No but she's not going to
admit it she's not going to admit it Yes I do I do I do Yes and she's
been very
generous So thank you thank you
for coming in here and for your
generosity and nothing I mean you know
that we're here okay great Well nothing
Thank you very much and a kiss and good
night to all of you who have listened
here my therapy because of what you've
done I have to pay at the psychologist
Hey Marta you're surprising me I'm being
surprised by what you're
saying I'm going to like him and we're
going to do everything let's see if we're going to be
friends Marta think about it think about it
Maybe you ask me for forgiveness too me Maybe
you're also wrong Maybe
for example Marina Marina you what you what  do you
think Marta has to
apologize to you man, is that she has painted a Let's
see, Marta may think the same
but of course she exposes me the day I debut
on a program, she puts her social networks on me, I lose my
hair,
everyone starts sending me things and not
positively, also daughter I came out with
a face that I say a movie and it's like the
first thing that bothered me about that
conversation that Marta said was
private was that she recorded me and I That's
where I said she had a good teacher Because
yes because I am the one who grade
conversations that she recorded me some
[ __ ] but it bothered me,
that conversation generated anxiety Maybe
today I can understand things that I did
n't understand at the time but I had a bad time
man, on top of that he is in Valencia, I had a bad time
with that conversation then yes it is
true that I said according to What things that
some I know, I mean and about the
toxic relationship and such Marta you yourself ended up being
here for three hours and I think that it
has remained Of course that despite a lot of love,
toxicity has existed and there have been things
that I maintain and there have been others that
maybe I have been wrong but it's that
toxicity  you threw me to the ground I
mean the toxic one and the worst one and
the bad one and the messed up one the relationship was me and I
'm telling you and I've given you a
series of examples of very hard things that
I've been through so of course if on top
of the fact that they're
hurting you so much that you're freaking out on top of that you're
hearing that his family is afraid of you well it's that it
's very strong it's that I let's
see it's of course but you think let's see
each one has a think that it's not
compatible with what you've been through I
understand perfectly
but listen to one thing I understand
perfectly that his family let's see his family is
always going to be his
family and they're going to look out for him before
you do however you paint the story so his family might be
afraid of you talking when you
fight with him but if you have done it
about forgiveness they
should be happy about how
happy he was with me yes but the
family's concern Maybe it
was that you talked when you're not with
him which in fact you have talked a little
No maybe everything they
expected but it's normal that  There is That
fear is not bad
No look, I don't think that's what it was meant to be I mean,
honestly I don't think it was meant to be I mean, I don't
think it was meant to be Maybe you
understood it differently I don't see
anything wrong with it They're
asking Marta a
question in Super chat I won't
ask it again
but she already answered that Pilar it's not
Loli's thing but she answered that Well
then that's it listen to me that's it
good night
A kiss eh
Marta unblock me unblock me from
Instagram
from Instagram I can't see your
stories
Okay then
we block everything and add each other again
When we're not right with the vote
cast again with us he's going to
tell us that we're Arabs
then I'll follow you again everywhere
except on the street that this is a little
weird a kiss a kiss
marinas
It's true that you've been with your phone in your
hand No Of course I wanted it to have
gone into video but do you think that's
if you want to place an exclusive that you're
going to tell or what No no no I don't think
that  We should leave that because it's not
something, no, I think we should
ration it, it can be told on
Wednesday,
listen to me one thing, birthday,
birthday
of telesalseo, to the one who hasn't sung to us
Don't be afraid,
birthday of telesaleo, family, we just
celebrated two years of telesalseo live,
5,500 people here have put up with us for three
hours Marina, I don't know, count it, it's very long, it's that it
's long But I would think about
commenting, we were going to comment on the post, the
post Marta, no, we're not going to comment on it, let's
see, people
on Wednesday, then we'll tell that
exclusive, mine on Wednesday so
people don't get angry, but of course, this is like
the typical programs where the coves
fall and I think it's long and extended,
but the truth is that it has been But I have
said it, let's go super, hyper, mega generous,
so very strong,
everything, let's see, there has been a
machine gun of headlines here
[Music] a
kiss, a
kiss Thanks to all of you who have
given a super chat, forgive me that it
is not showing them on the screen but I was
with my mobile at sea, it has been
totally improvised, nothing prepared
But I think  that has been something positive there has
been something good apart But you haven't
seen Marta which is what I
told you before and this doesn't mean that today maybe she
does something she does something wrong in two
days and it turns out that this doesn't change at
all I was reading Around here all the good that has
been a lot and then the people who said
what the hell is an interview it's a
conversation it's a chat you can't
put it or rather people see it as
friends enemies and I think that it's not the
same I was thinking the same thing about
her before coming in and I still maintain
my position and besides I'm telling you that I think
the opposite there's no way to take it I mean I
may like or dislike the things that were applauded yesterday against her
and I recognize you and we have criticized
Marta on other occasions but the things
that were applauded yesterday about her
gave me a little bit of a fear
Hey Romn just gave 50 members
minus one I'm waiting
100 members 100 members he tells me
members How come 100 members I do
n't know if it's 100 to me it seems like
fifty fifty one  kiss a kiss
Thank you so much Roman king
that you're scared no no come see Javi you don't
want to send us away eh we're
here spending the night in the cool air that I
'm here with the air
analyze a little all the headlines I don't
know if we had been pending with
the controversy But well about it is that I do
n't know why as it's been two
hours and a bit How Marta comes back Ah I
thought I was in the chat I say
God Marta doesn't sleep
Marta comes up again now with the camera and
we do another one the truth is that she
has opened up I mean she has felt comfortable
with us to such an extent that she has
opened up Thank you so much Izuka
thank you very much kisses and her career beautiful I
think that she has felt very comfortable with
us Because she knows that you see there is
one thing and I don't mind going
against many people but there is one thing
that you have to have with people and it's
called empathy so I tell you
that I criticize Marta the things in
meeting I have said here in called
Marta Well I'm here then Hey well you
Here you went too far Hey well you this but what you ca
n't is that with  a person
because we have her as a punching bag okay
anything let's see I'll punch you let's
see eh Well there are
people who yes maybe there are people who yes
of course tesa Oh Teresa is
sending me a drawing but I can't
put it up let's see if I can put it up look
happy birthday
Hey it's not that I'm living because in the end
when you know what's not happening to you
too that I, regardless of
the things they say she talks about things that are
her experiences
to something else the other but I have seen
like a Marta like more much more in
general in general more peaceful more that she
can talk to you that you can reason
that hadn't happened to me I hadn't I hadn't
seen that mark on It's always like that
I was talking to her Many times
on the phone well many times maybe
three or four chats of
sticking together for an hour or more talking and
with me always like that In fact that's why I got
angry with him with what he told us because I
saw it as disproportionate or rather it's that in
fact We have always treated her here
where it's best it's that in fact we
get into fights sometimes for being
empathetic with her that it seems that she is
like a crime I was
listening to her and yes what really
struck me was when she said
[ __ ] it's really shocking to hear it like she
thought about getting out of the way
you know even talking about [ __ ] I don't know it's that of
course
a girl who has had a really bad time and who is
going through a really bad time today with certain
things no Yes but why have we seen it
or in my personal case I have seen it today
more than others or meloecre or I have
felt it much more than other times because she
has opened up because on other occasions
if she feels she feels attacked
many times by the audience by the
media or whatever
you put up like armor So she hasn't
opened up and here today she has felt comfortable I
think she has even forgotten that
we were live and me a little
too eh Sometimes she
is relaxed she is relaxed because she has been
comfortable 50 more members of Romn
Romn Thank you very much thank you all
very much
for getting into this subject I felt and
deeper like also that they
did a little self-criticism because we
have been watching her for a long time and that is what I
told her that sometimes  It's like the
world against me and I'm not doing anything wrong
then Well I've been missing a
little bit there, the neighborhood has not recognized several
errors what happens is that you are not going to recognize
an error that you have in the judgment it is not
clear that it is clear that it is clear that
yes but but yes because in addition I have
noticed it perhaps comfortable even you know or it is
very very comfortable because it has been like a
very conversation as it is what you say
as if we were in a bar having
something really no I think that you are a
little the magic also of making
people feel that way regardless that I
know that well I was going to say the two but
above all I who have been much more
critical of her of course yes And
if I have If I had to rectify
because Viera because it really is like that I
do it and if not in what I am not going to
maintain but but I do not understand also
what it is that can bother
people of
balls of is that I have not seen or I mean I have
seen humanity and if I feel that
humanity or for the first time because you have
felt Cara to her is that in the
end she asks you for humanity also the
situation knows Marina and I am going to say it
so clearly and  I've been saying since
yesterday okay
because there are people who want
us to have had
Marta here comfortable open
which I think she's made quite clear not
as she is
antiquity speaking Well people
well not people the bad people
would have liked it if maybe I
told her or you are very ugly and you were very ugly
before getting your nose done or well you
are fake or you are jealous of
Olga I don't know what and that's not what you
do when you have a human being
in front of you what you have to do
when you have a human being in front of you is
question things to try to
understand who it is of course and now that
Marta has left Well now you and I
will have our opinions on the things we
agree on and the things we don't
one thing is the perspective that
she has and maybe she is right this
is your perspective but maybe the
reality that's why I told you that maybe she has
had another experience and
he has seen it in a different way Hello baby
in another way do you have the WhatsApp web
open
because it lags sometimes sometimes it
seems that you  I see a little maybe it's
me eh or it's the internet that says yes you've been there for
a few days
during the interview too but I
think it's you I think but what am I
telling you is that there are a lot of people who
enjoy beating her up, I
mean they're supposed to have been like against
beating others up but now she
can beat herself up and anything goes and
nothing happens. Hey, you're a public person, let's
see, man, about the thumbnail that I posted,
because in the end we didn't continue
discussing the subject, no, but well, I was about that
insinuation of no, it's that she
has two degrees, a house lit at
the university and another, I don't know what,
the insinuation is ugly but there it is
true that I have told you that I
have not associated it with what can be, I don't know,
I have seen it more as the fame issue, it's
not the
same to me but adding that
to the insults that she is stupid to the
thumbnail, the fact of the thumbnail in a
chair is a way of responding that does not
correspond with the ages that we have,
not even
with the years that we have been
working here, I mean, yes  a person
denies an exclusive and you have it
Clara or you say I stand by it We'll
see or I maintain your position okay
Then the public there will be people who
believe the exclusive and there are people who don't
But what is the intention of making a
video putting that photo in the thumbnail
laughing at her physique and whoever wants to
give this a twist and color it in a
different way I'm not going to buy it I
'm not stupid I wasn't born yesterday I understand I
'm always putting that thumbnail yes
yes totally and but look thinking
according to what you're telling me this because of
course there have been so many things that if her
first love has been Antonio David It's that it has
been like a pair of headlines that
I think that the next day we will
not analyze it well or not Because it
seems to me all a bit like quite
heavy but I believe that these things like
these are a success at the
moment that here we enter a
conversation interview a talk x and
people according to what they are seeing it is
during these three hours almost that we have been
talking to her that she has the
ability to decide not what she believes what she
thinks according to what Marta says what
not but  what I don't like is
that at first, just because
that conversation happens, it's like
Boom how can you talk to her, it's been
said
that if she catches me If my hands are
full I would have blocked her and I already
did it the other day, there are also people who
do a very ugly thing and that is that there are
very rude people then parts not
even here many times
very rude people come into the chat that
when we were interviewing Marta
I'm leaving I'm leaving and they put you 28 times
for three hours in the chat I'm leaving I'm leaving let's
see lady you're not going to
condition my live I'm not going to kick out
a person who's an interview because you
're putting me in the chat I'm leaving as if
trying to coerce if I catch her it's that I
don't remember her name I'll
ban her from the chat and you go you're not going to leave because she's
not coming back here you go because she's not coming back here
But that really gets on my nerves that they do it
Marina I'm leaving Javi just know that I'm
leaving vocete but why do you put it in
the chat What do you think you're going to
condition me for? I'm going to say  Oh, she's leaving,
Maricarmen. Marta took the interview by storm.
A little bit of coconut, damn, we're too
old,
but they're not going to jabicar. They're not going
to leave. But let's put it. I'm leaving because you don't like it.
Marta is here talking because it's
wherever you want. A little bit before, whenever you want.
Nobody forces you. Up to here,
many of those do
n't come back. Yes, they do come back. They don't
even leave. But if I had
caught her, she'd have her hands
free. She blocked her, like she said the other
day with a lady. They're people at the
airport. Wait. They have to
notify her of the exit. I'm laughing. They have to
notify the exits. They're people at the
airport. Yes, yes, it's like shirts. Let's
see if you have to go live
because you're not interested or today, today you're even
less interested. I caught you and it works out. But
when you're putting it on, it's like
putting pressure on me. Not even my father pressures me.
I'll be 37 years old in a
month, 38 Marina, imagine I don't even have a boss.
Look at how things are, I don't have time,
producer, or for directors or
anything, I work for myself.  look at you
Someone came to boss me around at this point at
this point in life eh When I
put aside a powerful interview full of
headlines that we obviously
have to analyze tomorrow tomorrow I'm
going to send it to the kids because of course he
catches me thinking that tomorrow we're going on a
trip let's
see how to divide this not in
headlines it's not that there's a lot there's a lot
today yes yes it has been a lot of ironing this
eh
and because we said goodbye if not he'll
stay here two more hours
But well you said goodbye to me I wouldn't have
minded staying a little
longer Hey maybe
at first it was a bit of first the
moment he called I
thought the first thing I thought was
this he makes him go down he starts talking
to Javi at the same time to hit me right
in the mouth and I started to
smile I say it's that
the magic has been that you could
communicate because of course I believed that of
course if she's talking You weren't going to be
able to talk neither she to you nor you to
her but when I finally realized that you
could talk to each other why That's because
why If you never can't
when you have the I don't know I don't know  maybe
not normally but well it has been
heard I know the magic has been
heard and Torren has come out the truth
is that we have to analyze the headlines
But well I also stay for
example that from her perspective
at least Olga has her shadows
that it seems that there are like Untouchable not
like the resentment that everyone has
no Olga is like the sacred that I do not
say that she is bad or anything with me she has
always behaved like a [ __ ] and my
neighbor as well but
that from her perspective Olga has
done many ugly things
but as you do not remember that I told you
here that I said that I told you
months ago many months ago I told you if Marta or
rather Marta feels that if she spoke about
Olga it is that frustration that people
would change their opinion about her, I mean we
talked about it here she has
confirmed it
as is or rather and that is in reference to Olga
and then when we have asked her and Put
that same level to Olga as to Roco and it is
like no no implying that Roco
Well things had happened to her with her
but that she had loved her very much and that
it was like another something that had nothing to do with it You know why I say well like with a seat this and with the other digs a bad thing I say I know And then the moment that is like excited also talking about I suppose thinking about David Junior about Olga and
Antonio's girl David tc Well in the end he
spent time with them well in the
end she is also a girl but come on it is that it cannot be
said that I have not
treated her like that always there Exactly the
same as today it
is always a very very very defender because it
is that she is a person who is
having a bad time and that and many times it
has gotten out of hand and we point it out but the thing is that
there are people who want a crush
and I am not going to participate in a crushing
of a person who is already like that to
me I do not need it it is not worth it to me I
already have my channel in my
visits and my things I am not going to
participate in a crush against this
girl that does not mean that I do not
prove her wrong when she is not right which I have
done what happens is that there is a
way to prove her wrong and to
criticize her and there is another way
to  Me
and that's why these other famous people have
told you to your face that if they had to
have a romantic relationship they would have it
with
another famous person just like me.